tucking nectar all right no right no no
no it's actually a drink that auto
Palmer kind of came up with and they
named after Pavillion pavilion oh hey
gridlock somebody go right on our team I
would love one more one more one more
who's that I want laughs OH somebody on
our team is defected oh nice security
for the tie good shit that was an
amazing Thai right dear y'all yelling
have I shut up yeah we do you got yeah I
have like we have sweet pea y'all have
like yeah we have a McDonald's sweety
babies a dollar for 32 months I heard
the commercial today the fuck you know
about that shit um what are we doing
three what are you doing drinking I to
outside night 33 of cock bottom twice a
bottle of me
but I'm not it but now here we go
somebody's going crazy middles I felt
like
oh my time I saw some of you know you
want I'll give you give you come in cuz
I'm fuck Ari oh my god you did please
guys oh we push forward wait are you
dying all right fine hi to come back
little and back back on the show that
you will help your father your back your
back please don't I mean those think
don't put all I see my kids
my name is that it yeah yeah tell you a
little bit like when he was right behind
me here you really have flames in your
ass everything all right now get
fragging guys he had pushed inside to
try to get button room but if you guys
started taking heavy fire just bounce
back don't jump wish to die they push
but let me let me know if there and
bottom room cuz iono Frank after the
fraggin here let's try ohhh nice evening
all right the icon me calling out I got
it good shit wins a win don't care yeah
pretty bad right I kind of like I'm
right I tell my child you're gonna push
didn't think nothing I think I'm gonna
finish opposite side I'm gonna push back
my arsenal shit crush pick them up pick
them up beat
oh my god on me now got choked on me oh
yeah
oh my god white I dive back pitch it
that was my fault I got Tom actually
just go back I what got him power don't
back up stood there